hey guys hi hello this is very from
their lids and today I just want to show
you guys a little video about MacBook
Pro covers or any MacBook I guess and
anyways so I guess I'll start with a
company called spec SP ec k and they do
amazingly amazingly covers and they are
really pretty and I really like them and
they come in many different colors okay
so I start with the first one the first
ones the glossy type there are different
types there's a glossy type and other
one I'll show you what other type it is
and it basically covers your MacBook
slowly - they do leave a space for the
USB and here for the opening in here
again so you see this is the other color
which is black and another color which
is purple and as you guys can see this
one's the glossy type and then you open
it it's really cute is that it goes to
glows let me show you four five delivers
pretty nice yeah this is the boss glossy
type I do not prefer it I don't know
it's pretty I don't know I didn't take
it the other type is same company same
thing but it's this max the feeling is
soft it's not glossy you can see that it
doesn't repel doesn't reflect anything
now you can see the other one does
reflect and you can see my iPad over
there here so it does reflect but this
one does not
it's nice I love the feeling of it it's
soft and it also glows same thing with
the brightness I'm just yeah it goes
like that yeah oh so close
and it looks pretty nice
it does make sure your Mac look heavier
but I think that's really nice and this
one is the purple one so it's mine same
thing it glows there it is also matte
but the worst thing about my say is that
mine you can see it I'm not sure if you
can show on camera but you can see that
shiny part over there because it's kind
of peeling off yeah you can see it over
there it's kind of peeling off and it's
kind of turning into glassy so basically
if this gets peeled off you can see it
from here to all of it turns into that
type which is the glassy so it doesn't
really matter it's like you get to have
two types I'd recommend them I bought so
I'm not sure how much they are in
wherever you guys live but I live in
Dubai so could be I bought it for like
one either matte or glossy same price
which it is for 180 dirhams
which is $49 $50 it's a $50 I'm not
saying they're really cheap but they are
lovely and they are beautiful that is
all I hope you guys enjoyed this video
subscribe up there I guess there